Most of projects showcased here are school assignments done by me. As of yet I didnt have time to go through them all and chceck the code for corectness as they are not final version that were submited for evaluation to the school stuff so all projects should be taken with a grain of salt. For now almoust all projects are unfished for now their main purpose is to showcase some of my knowledge and attempts to learn things. Among shcol projects are some of my personal projects as an atempt to learn about networking-Server and ChatRoom app. 
Project ChatRoom is an attempt to create fully working chat room to which i am creating an custom Server in an attempt to learn some Networking. This project as of yet is unfinished without any connection to the server implemented nor any means do display messages. Login and registration are features I wanted to implement after implementing working chat room with multiple simultanios UDP connections with the idea of send and recieving messages from all of them, something like group chat. Login and Registration would have separe authentification server which handles these request this would have been done via TCP. Later after implementing these features I would have liked to build more upon this personal project and add more features in an attempt to learn more, e.g tracking time at which messages where sent like [5:34 PM]Dominik: Test Message. for chat room ther are is only sln file as I couldnt upload the whole project folder with the wxWidgets lib in it. I dont have much experience with git hub so I hope u will excuse me if all of this repos looks messy.
Server is an attempt for udp server, most of the code is form microsoft documatation od TCP, this too is an attempt to familiarize myself with networking, i wonted to buil scalable udp server and for that purpose I was thinking about using I/O complition ports but as of now the server is not in working state after getting the server to work for multiple clients I would implement sending and recieving messages in the ChatRoom app. I decided to use I/O complition ports based on a statment that they are still the best for sacalable server not only with TCP but also with udp. As of right now I am not taking any credit for the Server project after learning from this microsoft examlpe and gaining smoe knowladge on networking and IOCP either with UPD or TCP I would like to create and implement my own working Server.
Most of the porjects here are just to showcase my attempts to learn things and my skills nad knowledge
